# Java-Spring-Boot-MyBatis-Angular
 &lt;  Remote Web category exam: Test Paper >   Employee management program Employee information needs to be stored in the DB includes employee code (3 digits), your name, phone number, location, mail address, please create the page can satisfy the following functions.   A) Function 1. registration information 2. In the list of employees A. the content in: employee code, location, name, phone number, email B. by: order name (alphabetically) C. employee code always be printed with full three digits. (If the number 1 is 001) 3. find the staff A. can search according to the filter. 4. Editing employee information A. you can edit all employee information including employee code. 5. Delete the employee information 6. employee information download A. list of staff can download as CSV file B. the plus point: XLS/XLSX file download 7. the plus Points                     - Did’nt got a time A. can send mail to all employees once a day B. can send mail according to the desired time or the mail address wanting. C. Mail sent using the JavaMail API. D. use smtp.gmail.com SMTP server.  B) requirements – Additionally I had used Angular 1. using Spring, MyBatis, jQuery, CSS ... to do the test 2. Database Select one of the following categories: PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle. When submitting articles, please submit the attached SQL query related to the table structure and data basis. 3 Employee code is the only value. 4. Each different filter must enter the correct form may register and edit. 5. your phone number and email address to use the formal form for the right to enter. 6. refer to the regular form of JAVA programs: java. util. regex package
